fix(CommandExtensions): parameter resolution & add support for Selector (#1170)
unoplatform/uno.toolkit.ui: doc/helpers/command-extensions.md

## Attached Properties

| Property           | Type       | Description                                                      |
|--------------------|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `Command`          | `ICommand` | Sets the command to execute when interacting with the control.\* |
| `CommandParameter` | `object`   | Sets the parameter to pass to the Command property.              |

### Remarks

- `Command` is executed on:
  - `ListViewBase.ItemClick`
  - `Selector.SelectionChanged` (except for `ListView` which uses `ItemClick`)
  - `NavigationView.ItemInvoked`
  - `ItemsRepeater` item tapped
  - `TextBox` and `PasswordBox` when the Enter key is pressed
  - any `UIElement` tapped
- For `Command`, the relevant parameter is also provided for the `CanExecute` and `Execute` call:

>   > `CommandParameter` can be set, on the item-container or item-template's root for collection-type control, or control itself for other controls, to replace the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > `CommandParameter` can be set, on the item-container or item-template's root for collection-type controls. It can also be set on the control itself, to replace the following:
```

Author: You changed the meaning of the sentence... I want to keep it as is:
```pseudo
if (control is ItemsControl or ItemsRepeater || control.GetProperty("ItemsSource") is { })
	// set cp on item-container or item-template's root
else
	// set cp on control itself
```
It is either that or this, not "can also be".
